- Let's start implementing the search use case now,
but before that, I'm going to make a few changes
on com.test.hplus
I'm going to create another package.
Let's label it config
and let's drag application config onto that folder.
This is just so that everything looks neat
and we know which class goes into which folder.
Right, so that's config.
And another thing to note,
if you look under external libraries,
you will be able to see all the dependencies,
all the jar files that your project is dependent on.
So that'll include Spring boot, Spring MVC, everything.
We're going with 5.1.9 release for this course.
So let's go ahead
and execute steps for the search use case now.
We have to create a SearchController
and provide a GetMapping for it.
So let's do that.
Let's go to hplus app
and under controller,
I'll create a class
called SearchController
and let's annotate it with the controller annotation
and put a GetMapping inside it.
Let's define URL pattern.
Let's say it looks like /search
and it is going to be accompanied by a method,
which is public String search, let's call it search.
Let's put a small sys out there,
saying I am in search controller.
You could also use any login API if you wish to,
I'm just going with simple sys out.
Let me correct the spelling, s-e-a-r-c-h, yes
and then let us just return
the search view name from here.
Now, another thing to note here is,
instead of doing String as a return type on line number 10,
you could have used the ModelAndView as a return type.
So I'm just going to tell you how to do that.
Let's copy lines 9-13.
Come down there
and let's see how it'll look with ModelAndView object.
So had that been the case,
then this return type would have been ModelAndView
and for that,
you will have to create a ModelAndView object like this.
And then if you see you have a lot of APIs on this,
ModelAndView can allow you to set a view name, like that
and it'll also help you to add data
in the form of key and values.
So data and the view,
everything can be returned in a single return type.
You can definitely do that
and make all your controller methods return ModelAndView.
I'm just going to keep it simple and consistent.
I'm going to return a String from all my controller methods.
So I'll delete this.
We don't need this for now.
This is just to show you the usage of ModelAndView.
So we have the SearchController ready with us.
What's the next step?
Insert the search.jsp and add the URL of SearchController
to the action of the JSP.
Now this search.jsp is already available to you
in your resources folder.
So if you go to chapter two resources,
then you have search.jsp there.
Let's copy that
and put it under the jsp folder of our project.
This should make a small note here.
All the jsps that we have provided you
in the resources folder,
they're nothing but HTMLs.
It's just called HTML content,
but I have changed the extension of those pages to jsp,
so that it becomes easy for you to just paste it directly
to your project structure.
Okay.
So we have that search.jsp open right here
and what does it have?
It has few links as part of the menu bar
and then it has got a form on line 36,
which is going to help you input the search criteria
and after that,
there's section that is going to display the
products for you.
So what we want to do is
we want to take this URL pattern of SearchController,
go to search.jsp,
and make sure that the action is set on the action attribute
of that form, like that.
The method is get of course,
because we created a GetMapping.